feat(intelligent-assistant): add intelligent-assistant workspace (#2805)
redhat-developer/rhdh-plugin-export-overlays: rhdh-supported-packages.txt

# Gitlab Events Module (TP in 2.1)
backstage/plugins/events-backend-module-gitlab

> # Intelligent Assistant plugins - Dev Preview in 1.9, planned to GA in 1.10

Reviewer: Minor suggested change for the supported packages comment:
```suggestion
# Intelligent Assistant plugins - Lightspeed GA in 1.10, rebranded to Intelligent Assistant in 2.1
```
